What the...
When have I lied to you?
Kind of early for a party.
Where have you been, man? Early was a few hours ago.
It's Ruto's welcome to the ground party.
What'd he do to earn all this?
This is just another excuse for everyone to get wasted, isn't it?
So, parties are for letting your hair down, especially when they're not for you.
I remember that.
Speaking of, why's he killing the vibe?
Pride. His vital instrument crapped out during a job yesterday.
He's still dealing with it.
So pathetic.
Oh, hey, what happened with that anyway?
I heard you went up against some kind of weird trash beast.
Yeah, though weird's putting it mildly.
Its core wasn't anima.
It was an object.
Well, it was a vital instrument, but that's scary to say.
The trash beast it created was on a whole new level of nasty, and left us even nastier questions.
And well, I'm not really equipped to tackle those things.
So, we headed home and got our party on.
I'll let the professional warriors burn brain power.
There really is no hope for you, is there?
You know, Enjin and some of you said they'd be fine.
They'd join us after they finish debriefing.
Why didn't you lead with that?
So, this is where you've been hiding.
Wanted us to have a real introduction.
I'm Gris Rubian.
Riddow.
Why so sad?
You did real good yesterday.
I did jack shit, but thanks.
Saving Folo from the trash beast
wasn't jack.
Saved who?
The goggles kid.
Almost got trampled.
Oh, yeah.
Look, man.
You and Ryo were saving people.
I just ran in and made everything worse.
Just like I did back up in the sphere.
All it took was one stupid thing to make me lose my head.
Then Regto'd cover my ass.
He was always taking my crap from me.
That's bullshit.
I was supposed to just stay back and do nothing.
It was a job for an idiot, but I couldn't even do that right.
I'm still everyone's problem.
So you shouldn't be thanking me.
Still, thank you.
Still, thank you. Huh?
Most folks don't think much of supporters.
They call us weak, useless, and inconvenient.
Glorify Dead Wade.
At least that one's clever.
Glorify Dead Wade. At least that one's clever.
There are even people in the Cleaners who used to think like that.
Or still do.
But you've shown us respect from the get-go.
Heh, Folo.
That kid joined the Cleaners on a mission to clear out trash beasts.
But that's not something you can do without powers.
So, what'd he do?
Started on a treasured object, hoping to become a giver.
Time passed and he started to realize something.
He feels that the Kryptonite is here for the 6-urpers and protection efforts.
He doesn't have a cigarette.
Hey, he wants money for himself or to get a repeat of what he did.
Say, Yuriko.
you just wanted to do it's fine if you can't answer it's not an easy question
keep at it eventually something will come to you and you'll start seeing the
path forward you've got this you might be stuck here for a while but you've
still got a life to live
come on man get off what's with you dude come there isn't food all over your
face yeah man come on nobody's saving you a plate just cuz this is your party
so you know eat she's inhaled off the spread already
sounds like we should get on it while we've got the chance come on
you
never seen a genius at work well you're about to guys like Joe get something in
their heads and there's no stopping them till it's out
seriously dude some of us are trying to eat here your face please crack open a
window
you've been hanging out a lot yeah
trying to eat here
trying to find the right wall for this sick piece I got
you do you boo hey no turds I mean it
sorry I don't make promises I can't keep
you
no more what more do you want man I already told you everything please just
let me go please okay
okay
white hair that fades to black in the middle of the night
black and tips bags under the ice he's from the sphere and he's a giver
real one-of-a-kind he's gonna make a great souvenir
never
forever
broken it down to the dust
jago
know
now
into
down
dark
don't get fond of me
DAY saying fuck you
day saying fuck you
I grew up with drug abuse talking drugs all day long talking aaeэ medications you make me sleep real kinda зайfoush gotta count I don't know what I'm up to life like I'm not looking at you for every one single time ever get farts somehow never let me go never let me go never let me go in fuck its alright
Thank you.
Cleaners front desk.
Thanks for calling.
How can we help you?
I know it's early, but this is something we gotta jump on now.
Alright then.
But I got a quick question, though.
Why'd you have to call in the trainee?
I get that I'm set to be his trainer and everything,
but that's all gonna start after he becomes a cleaner.
And that's not happening for a hot second.
I call in who I want,
and he is relevant to this job.
A merchant was attacked by a trash beast
while crossing a polluted zone,
and they claim that it stole their precious cargo.
The merchant wants us to clean up the beast
and, more importantly, retrieve said cargo,
which apparently is a living, breathing spherite.
It's extremely unusual for two living spherites to be found,
let alone around the same time,
so I presumed that our resident spherite might be interested.
Who knows?
Maybe they'll have some interest in it.
I'm sure this puts a lot on your mind.
So you don't have to come with us.
It's up to you.
I still can't do jack all with my power.
If I go, I'll probably just make everything harder for everyone.
But still,
it's an opportunity for me to learn more.
I'll go.
Cool.
My original plan was to send Enjin along with you, but circumstances prevented that.
I asked him who should I send in his place, and he answered, duh, Zanka.
And that's a direct quote.
All right, lock the hell in, guys.
Job's not gonna clean itself.
Ah.
You good, Gris?
Things could get pretty dicey without a weapon.
That's what my knife is for.
But one good old punch to the face usually does the trick.
Oh, please.
That guy's keeping real quiet about his little talisman.
See, he does this thing before we leave, wishing on it like it'll keep us safe.
And now I'm wishing you'd shut up!
Ha ha ha!
It's not some big secret, you know.
Guess he's a softie.
Nothing special.
It didn't cost much.
So I figured, why not?
Can't hurt to pray.
Eh.
Ugh!
Is this a good time, or am I interrupting?
If we're all present and accounted for, I can show you all where the trash beast is hiding.
You called?
That I did.
Ugh.
Talk to me!
Tell me everything you know!
The spherite!
Who are they?
Did they say anything?
Please, tell us!
Poor thing was all alone, passed out on the side of the road when I happened by.
I was able to take them in, but they were still out cold.
Honestly, I'm very worried about them.
The quicker we find them safe and sound, the better.
I bet you're worried.
Damaged goods don't pay top price, huh?
It's not like that at all!
I'm genuinely concerned the worst has happened.
I mean, of course, the fact there is spherite is interesting.
Hmph.
Odds on this precious cargo being alive and not chewed up by now?
Slim to none.
Man.
Going out of its way to snap up a human is wild.
I don't know if it's the right thing to do.
I don't know if it's the right thing to do. I don't know if it's the right thing to do.
The first thing that sticks out in my chewy mouth Home run that I wait all day.
The first thing that sticks out in my see you terrific mattress.
The first thing that sticks out in my
favorite night until to qued escape life for
I don't know if it's the air or what, but lately
But lately
everything's smelling sus.
everywhere lately
Come see that building up there.
Is that our spot?
Last I saw it was in there.
Finally, someone like me.
Home run!
Is that a person?
My lost little friend.
You must have been so scared.
Help is here.
Ellie, no!
Chill out!
Calm down.
We'll handle it.
Hey, hold up.
Is that a friggin' doll?
Save them!
Save them before it's too late!
No!
Shit.
Did we fall?
Felt like we sunk through mud.
Oh, joy, we're alive.
Yeah, sure.
But what the heck was that back there?
And where's the spheroid?
Can't you see him?
Look right behind you.
Glad you could join us.
Great.
Yeah, this tracks.
Lesson learned.
Trust my gut.
Those lanterns are a big tell.
Looks like we got got.
By raiders.
Thanks for bringing the spheroid.
Now hand him over.
Raiders?
Yeah, you could call them that.
They're bandits.
Once upon a time, a simple band of thieves.
But lately, their style has become too twisted to ignore.
I hear they started dabbling in certain experiments.
Wouldn't be too concerning, if they weren't divers.
You three, secure an exit route.
So the three of us can comfort the man in the first place.
Follow, you protect Ruto with me,
Other raiders could be hiding out there.
Be on your guard.
Roger.
Listen, I hate to ask.
Save your breath.
I already know the script.
Get out of here.
I'm good.
Stop them.
Get out.
God help me.
Luckily, I didn't catch them, but...
I sure did.
I can handle those punks!
Look, I get it. But these aren't backwater goons.
We don't know what they're capable of.
And I'm not waiting around to find out with you here.
With me here.
So why is everyone in they mama want a piece of the newbie anyway?
I mean, I figured it was only a matter of time till you sniffed him out.
But I didn't think you'd be this fast.
Bet he fetches a high price on the market.
You could probably sell him off and live on easy street for life.
Why charge a fee for the head when the brain is such a priceless resource?
The spear and all the meatbags living up there.
What better way to get a deeper understanding than by picking apart his brain piece by piece?
Aren't you dying to know how to cross the border and live to tell the tale?
I am.
Cross the border?
Yeah.
One, I don't give a damn about the sphere.
And two...
Like seriously, I hate that you wasted my time over this bait and switch setup.
It's pointless.
Well, if you're itching for a fight, take it out on my pretty little mud things.
Ha ha ha ha!
I thought we'd seen the last of them.
I'm sorry.
Ah, you broke up with that hag.
So I'm guessing we have you to thank for the coll Eineucharzt.
Nice power.
Mm-hm.
Here's mine.
This it?
Talk about a snoozevolle!
Ahaha!
Yes.
Here it comes!
Hehehe!
Mixed in with the dummies, you'll find the real thing.
OK.
Ugh.
Koh!
Is that enough of a wake-up call?
Open your eyes.
You're too cocky.
Surprise.
I thought you might fall for that one.
Fun, right?
Different breed than the trash you people specialize in.
What to do when the monster runs on two feet?
How about we play a game?
Kill the real one before it kills you!
Hmm.
Wait.
I knew I was forgetting something.
It doesn't look like those wide swings were able to clear everything out.
So be careful where you step.
It's a complete mess down here with the mud I created.
Move too much or too little, the result's the same.
And I need to make sure you're put down first before I kill off the other runs.
As much as I hate to admit it, your powers are rather troublesome.
So be a good little boy for me and suffocate to death in my mud.
Because I want that spirit!
Shut up!
Got me going there for a second.
Even pissed me off a little.
But staying quiet and watching made it all clear.
The hag here uses her shovel to control the mud.
I thought your flunky had a vital instrument.
But nah.
Took me a few hits to realize.
You're just the muscle for this witch.
And that's when I looked down.
What are those, man?
Snowshoes?
Before she made her creepy puppets,
you squatted down like you...
You were mid-dump.
Why?
Well, the thing about snowshoes is that they make it a breeze to get across unstable ground.
I guess...
You were picked to be her partner just cause you can walk on the mud.
What a... cute couple.
Running your mouth won't save you!
You'll be choking on earth any moment now, you little brat!
What did you say earlier?
A little something about me?